README.md, before:

## The Lab Rats Project

Welcome to our GitHub page!

This is a semester long project we are undertaking for a class at Ohio University.
This goal is to design a windows application that helps the user interpret the data read from NOAA buoys.

The course instructors are:
- Dr. Chang Liu
- Yiran Liu

The students involved in this project are:
- Prachetas Deshpande
- Jack Mullen
- Dylan Rogers
- Josh Wright

## Prerequisites

- Visual Basic .NET 4.6.1 framework

- Visual Studio

- Python 3 installed and the ability to run it via command prompt

- Windows capable of running Visual Studio

- Knowledge of Visual Studio (not required but helpful)

## Installation
- Clone the GitHub code
- Open the [project](VisualStudio/NOAA_Monitor/NOAA_Monitor.sln)
- Under the Debug tab click the Start Debugging

## Possible Errors
If the buoylist class function load says that the file location cannot be found:
- Go to the [Bin](VisualStudio/NOAA_Monitor/VSProjectFiles/bin/Debug) file and put in the directory to the most recent .txt file

If the run_cmd function errors saying invalid parameters for the Process.Start function there is an issue with your python3 installation.
- Make sure that python3 is in your PATH

## Data Used
These stations are the ones we are tracking within this program
- PSBM1
- CFWM1
- 44027
- ATGM1
- 44034
- MDRM1
- 44037
- 44033
- MISM1
- 44032
- 44005
- CASM1
- 44007
- 44030
- WEQM1
- WEXM1
- WELM1
- To see the data we use and other buoy data visit the NOAA website [here](https://www.ndbc.noaa.gov/).

## Other Questions
- [Contact Us](mailto:dr233615@ohio.edu)

Commit message:

Updated the README for the development page

README.md, after:

## Data Analysis and Record Tool (DART)

Welcome to our GitHub page!

This is a semester long project we are undertaking for a class at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.
This goal is to design a windows application that helps the user interpret the data read from NOAA buoys.

The course instructors are:
- Dr. Chang Liu
- Yiran Liu

The students involved in this project are:
- Prachetas Deshpande
- Jack Mullen
- Dylan Rogers
- Josh Wright

##v1.0_dev Goals
- Add ability to read from .JSON file
- Graph multiple data sets
- Reorganize the main UI and how data is displayed
- Make the UI look more clean
- Add calculations functionality for the user

##Disclaimer
- This version is not going to compile at all times as it is still in development
- To run the most recent stable version please see the master branch

## Prerequisites

- Visual Basic .NET 4.6.1 framework

- Visual Studio

- Python 3 installed and the ability to run it via command prompt

- Windows capable of running Visual Studio

- Knowledge of Visual Studio (not required but helpful)

## Data Used
These stations are being tracked by DART
- PSBM1
- CFWM1
- 44027
- ATGM1
- 44034
- MDRM1
- 44037
- 44033
- MISM1
- 44032
- 44005
- CASM1
- 44007
- 44030
- WEQM1
- WEXM1
- WELM1
- To see the data we use and other buoy data visit the NOAA website [here](https://www.ndbc.noaa.gov/).

##To Contribute
- Feel free to submit questions, bug reports, and ideas as [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Dyl4n84/LabRatsProject/issues)

## Other Questions
- [Contact Us](mailto:dr233615@ohio.edu)
